 San Francisco, United States
Front-End Developer - Sunnyvale

At AKQA we believe in the imaginative application of art and science to create beautiful ideas, products and services. With an entrepreneurial and collaborative approach, we design adaptive digital services and applications that capture the imagination, delivering impressive returns for our clients. 

AKQA offers our staff the opportunity to produce meaningful work for world-class companies in one of the world's most vibrant and beautiful cities.

Front-end Developers at AKQA have a strong dedication to recent and upcoming technologies, as well as the drive to develop innovative technical solutions. The Front-end Developer will participate in the creation of sophisticated digital experiences and must have advanced understanding of front-end web development. AKQA Developers work with a team of highly skilled people – each with strong opinions about various technologies, frameworks and approaches to delivery.

*Candidates for this role must be available to work on-site in Sunnyvale, CA.

 

ROLE REQUIREMENTS 

    Must have at least 3 +  years of experience working as a front-end developer
    In-depth knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and other web development/production tools
    Proficient in JavaScript with an emphasis on Vanilla JS rather than helper libraries or frameworks
    Experience with templates and task automation including handlebars, NPM and Gulp
    Strong knowledge responsive web design
    Experience with translating comps and wireframes into flexible and usable code
    Experience with version control software
    Experience with Photoshop
    Experience with developing large customer-facing websites

 

QUALITIES AND CHARACTERISTICS 

    Eager to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
    Experience with web application development
    Able to articulate their ideas to your team
    Thrives when facing new challenges in improving client deliverables
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills and able to interact professionally with a diverse group of people
    Strong oral and written English communication skills
    Boundlessly creative and relentlessly attentive to detail

 

 

AKQA is an Equal Opportunities Employer, we believe that diversity is vital to AKQA’s ability to provide our clients with the best recommendations and are committed to fostering a varied and inclusive work environment. Your race, colour, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or veteran status have no bearing on our hiring decisions. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.