Role: Front-End Developer

Duration: 15-month contract

Location: Sunnyvale CA



Our Company Bio: Bayside Solutions was founded in 2001, Bayside was recognized as one of the fastest growing professional staffing companies in Northern California. The numbers tell the story: We have close to a 100% client retention rate, 700% growth in four plus years and over 95% repeat business. Our dedication to building partnership relationships with both our clients and our recruits is the key to our phenomenal success.



SUMMARY:

Bayside Solutions is looking for a Front-End Developer to support several new and exciting projects for our client in Sunnyvale CA. The ideal candidate will be part of an integrated on-site team - including production artists, web designers and technologists - creating highly interactive and engaging work for our high-profile client.



PRIMARY SKILLS INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO

    Be part of a dynamic project development team, that creates visually engaging product websites.
    Create responsive HTML pages from design comps.
    Create CSS layout and animations, ensuring legacy browser support.
    Work with developers, designers, and project leaders to ensure code quality and design fidelity.
    Develop and optimize build tools and development systems to support ongoing projects.



QUALIFICATIONS:

    Ability to hand-code elegantly efficient HTML/CSS/JavaScript.
    Aware of the interplay between JavaScript and HTML & CSS, and can dynamically create, modify, and style elements on a page with ease* Experience building responsive and/or mobile-first websites.
    Mid-level JavaScript knowledge (not relying on libraries!)
    Some experience using and writing templates (Handlebars, etc).
    Comfortable with package managers/build systems such as NPM, Gulp, or Grunt.
    Extensive experience debugging cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility issues.
    High attention to detail to maintain design integrity throughout the build process.
    Ability to implement well-structured Sass for maximum CSS maintainability.
    Adherence to W3C standards and specifications.
    Proficiency in version control systems such as Git (Subversion experience a plus).
    General proficiency in Photoshop.
    Excellent communication and problem-solving skills.
    Ability to clearly and professionally interact with clients.
    Localization experience is a plus.
    Knowledge of accessibility specifications is a plus.



EDUCATION:

    Bachelor's degree, or equivalent experience