
Front End Software Engineer
San Francisco, CA
Company Description

Dropbox is the world’s first smart workspace that helps people and teams focus on the work that matters. With more than 600 million registered users across 180 countries, we’re on a mission to design a more enlightened way of working. Dropbox is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, and has 12 offices around the world.
Team Description

Our Engineering team is working to simplify the way people work together. They’re building a family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people around the world. With our broad mission and massive scale, there are countless opportunities to make an impact.
Role Responsibilities 
Dropbox is looking for front-end software engineers to come build the future of work collaboration. We are looking for people who share our passion and belief that the best technology is simple, beautiful, accessible and usable. Using modern front-end technology (e.g. TypeScript, React, Redux) we expect front-end engineers to fully represent users' needs through close partnership with product, design, and user research.
You’ll be working on marquee projects like The New Dropbox, Document Previews and Dropbox Paper. As a front-end engineer you are expected to architect, developing and releasing user-facing features and ensure the quality of our product continues to serve the needs of our tens of millions of users. 
Responsibilities

    You will partner with product managers, designers, and analysts to deeply understand the needs of our users and build a product that serves those needs
    You will take full ownership of engineering projects from design to implementation to deployment and maintenance
    You will design and build software capable of reaching millions of daily users in Javascript and (sometimes) in HTML/CSS and Python
    You will ensure that our development environment is best in class by delivering improvements to internal tooling and direct partnership with our product platform teams
    You will work closely with customer support to respond quickly to issues for our users and solve those in a permanent and scalable way
    You will improve the team and company – you will be an active participant in our culture (mentorship, interviewing, and new initiatives)

Requirements

    BS (or higher, e.g., MS, or PhD) in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent technical experience
    2+ years of frontend software engineering and/or work related industry experience
    Previous success developing and shipping a large-scale web application with a user-empathetic mindset
    Skilled with web technologies including Javascript (framework of your choice), HTML, and CSS

Benefits and Perks

    100% company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage
    401k + company match
    Market competitive total compensation package
    Free Dropbox space for your friends and family
    Wellness Reimbursement
    Generous vacation policy
    10 company paid holidays
    Volunteer time off
    Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)

Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland). 