HealthExpense (http://www.healthexpense.com) is looking for a Front-end Web Developer to help us build the next great healthcare technology startup. If you are interested in joining a dynamic early-stage startup that is already seeing significant traction — there are already 1M+ employees using our platform — we’d love to talk to you.

What You Will Do

The Front-end Web Developer works collaboratively with our engineers and business teams to create and maintain health plan client- and member-facing web applications. You will design, build, and maintain secure HIPAA-compliant web applications in a highly scalable and available ecosystem.

In This Role You Will

    Design, build, and maintain client and member facing web applications according to technical specifications (JavaScript, HTML5, JQuery, CSS, ReactJS)
    Implement security and data protection for HIPAA-compliant application interfaces for healthcare clients and members
    Create and maintain unit tests for new code and defect fixes
    Participate in continuous integration for automated builds and deployments (Jenkins or equivalent)
    Ensure deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements; and
    Tackle other duties that pop up … we’re a startup after all.

What We’re Looking For

We are looking for candidates with:

    At least 3-5 years of experience in web application software development, design, and architecture (and more is better)
    A solid track record of building elegant and sophisticated web applications that users love to use
    Front End skill set (e.g. JavaScript, HTML5, JQuery, CSS, ReactJS)
    Proficient understanding of PureScript, ReactJS, or equivalent
    Excellent written and verbal communication, including technical writing skills; and
    Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git.
    A solid academic background (or equivalent experience). Degrees in Information Systems, Computer Science or a closely related field are preferred

In healthcare, $600B (that's a B) is wasted every year. The HealthExpense (http://www.healthexpense.com) platform -- think "Mint for healthcare" -- helps consumers and benefits administrators make the most of their healthcare dollars, tackling the mundane and often unnecessarily-complicated tasks like submitting insurance reimbursement claims, paying bills, and tracking deductibles and flex-spending caps. Our fast-growing network is quickly becoming the platform of choice for large employers and third-party administrators, and we're already helping over 1M employees make better and more cost-effective healthcare decisions.

A Few Key Details

    We're well-funded and stable: we offer great salaries, medical/dental/vision coverages, and generous bonuses.
    We're off to great start. Our platform is already in use by millions, and we're just getting started.
    You can do great things here. We're still a small team -- there are plenty of meaty challenges to tackle and opportunity to make a real impact.
    We set you up for success: We never skimp on best hardware or tools money can buy.
    We want you to share in our success. Every offer includes a healthy dose of stock options.
    We're building for the long-term. Our key executives have been around the block, and understand the importance (and sustainability) of true work-life balance. We work hard and smart, and also manage to have real lives outside the office.
    We're located in sunny Sunnyvale, California.