About Houzz

Houzz is the leading home renovation and design platform in the world. We have a highly engaged community of over 40 million homeowners who leverage our technologies to find inspiration for their next home project, connect with over 2.5 million home design and remodeling professionals and discover products in the Houzz Shop.

About The Role

As a Front-End Software Engineer, you will be building the UI and infrastructure for our desktop and mobile web platforms with modern tools like React, ES6, Less, Webpack, Babel, and ensure our site works well in a variety of browsers and viewports. We are looking for someone who is self-directed, independent, and has experience owning complete products and features.

What You'll Do

        Architect efficient and reusable front-end components used by all teams
        Work closely with product designers and product managers to put final projects together

At a Minimum, We'd Like You to Have

        Experience with modern browser technologies
        Strong UX and design sensibilities, attention to details
        Substantial experience developing real-world web applications using HTML, CSS, JS
        B.S., or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent

Ideally, You'll Also Have

        Analytical thinking and experience with A/B testing
        3+ years experience

__________________

Be Who You Are and Do What You Love at Houzz

We’re a Family

At Houzz, we strive to create and foster a strong family environment in our workplace. We collaborate to accomplish our goals, always working as a team. We aim to build a culture of inclusion — celebrating and leveraging our differences for the betterment of one another, our products and our community.

Houzz team members come from many backgrounds and bring diverse experiences to the company. We take pride in making each person feel at home.

We Build the Future

Join Houzz in revolutionizing the home remodeling and design industry and have an impact on the more than 40 million homeowners who use our platform every month and the 2.5 million-plus home professionals around the world who are active on the site. Houzz has been named one of the most innovative companies in the world by CNBC and others, and is backed by top venture capitalists. At Houzz, you can help drive the future of an industry worth $1.2 trillion in the U.S. and Europe alone.

We Make Things Happen

Our team members play a key role in guiding the direction of our company and are able to work across multiple groups to implement fresh ideas that allow Houzz to be the industry leader. If you are interested in applying your passion to create products that will transform the lives of millions of people who are designing, remodeling and decorating their homes, welcome to Houzz.

Benefits And Perks

Competitive salary
Flexible paid time off
Commuter benefits
Medical, dental, vision and pet insurance
Maternity/paternity leave program
Employee assistance program
401k retirement savings plan
Flexible spending accounts
Healthy at Houzz program
Catered meals, fully stocked kitchens and much more!

Houzz is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

If you are a California resident applying for a job, you consent to our California Job Applicant Privacy Notice