
Front End Developer
at iRhythm (View all jobs)
Headquarters

 

About this role:

The iRhythm Software Engineering team is looking for an experienced software engineer to join the team in its' San Francisco location. As a member of iRhythm’s Software Engineering team you will help deliver solutions for the ZioSuite web portal and other upcoming initiatives. This position provides an opportunity to work on a diverse, innovative set of SaaS based solutions within the medical device/software industry.

Responsibilities include:

    Develop client side components for iRhythm web applications, contributing to web application maintenance feature development.
    Collaborate with product designers and peer engineers to produce creative and pragmatic solutions.
    Develop unit tests for code developed, participate in peer code reviews.
    Keep current with web UI technology and UX trends.

Required Qualifications

    2+ years of experience developing web based user portal applications in a cross browser environment.
    Experience with JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3; Angular (2 or later).
    Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
    Strong interpersonal and verbal communication skills.
    BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field.

Preferred Qualifications

    Expertise in latest UX good practices and trends
    Experience developing internationalized applications.

What’s in it for you

This is a full-time position with competitive salary package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, paid holidays and time off.

 

iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401(K) (with company match), ESPP, free breakfast and lunch in our SF office, annual organizational and cultural committee events, charitable outreach and more!

 

FLSA Status: Exempt

As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Make iRhythm your path forward.