At Lyft, community is what we are and it’s what we do. It’s what makes us different. To create the best ride for all, we start in our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization where all team members are recognized for what they bring.

Frontend Engineers at Lyft build and own innovative web applications using advanced JavaScript, React and Sass, with a desire to achieve exceptional design fidelity, usability, accessibility, and performance across both desktop and mobile browsers.

Projects will require close collaboration with other teams and orgs, working closely with creative and product designers, other engineers and stakeholders. These projects may occur simultaneously, so you must be able to juggle multiple concurrent initiatives. We will also expect you to champion sound frontend standards to engineers, designers, and management.
Our company moves at an extremely fast pace and is always evolving. Being adaptable to change is a necessity and so is having a great attitude.

Responsibilities

    Be part of an inclusive, collaborative team that embraces pairing, healthy discussions and supports each other in their goals
    Collaborate with cross functional teams on new and emerging technologies, determining how they will integrate into current and evolving infrastructure
    Unblock, support and effectively communicate cross functionally in order to achieve results
    Help define the team roadmap and architecture based on technology and business needs
    Evangelize appropriate tech and engineering best practices, and occasionally give internal or external tech talks
    Leave the code in a better state than when you found it (progressive refactor)
    Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
    Go home knowing that your work today is meaningfully improving the lives of every Lyft driver and rider


Experience

    Must have 5+ years of software engineering industry experience\
    Advanced knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
    Experience working with modern JavaScript frameworks, like React
    Experience working with NodeJS and Express applications
    Experience working with design systems (e.g. Bootstrap, Salesforce Lightning, GitHub Primer)
    Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing
    Experience working cross-functionally with Product and Design
    Good understanding of web performance and how browsers and DOM work


Nice-to-haves

    Experience building design systems (e.g. Bootstrap, Salesforce Lightning, GitHub Primer)
    Experience architecting efficient and reusable frontend web components
    Experience with web asset optimization and content delivery networks
    Experience with frontend testing, build and transpilation tools, such as Webpack, ESLint, Babel, Jest, Sass, WebDriver
    Familiarity with Docker and containerized computing
    Proficiency with TypeScript, Python or Go


Benefits

    Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
    In addition to 11 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
    401(k) plan to help save for your future
    18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
    Monthly commuter subsidy to cover your transit to work
    20% off all Lyft rides

Lyft is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Lyft will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.