Front End Web Developer
Palo Alto, CA
Marketing

Position:

        Expand and Maintain current (new) WordPress websites
        Own front end features through inception, design feedback, implementation, and launch
        Work and customize WordPress plugins
        Optimize code for maximum speed and scalability
        Collaborate with project managers and designers in the process of creating design mockups
        Understanding of SEO current best standards and schema mockup.
        Write high-quality code

What we’re looking for:

        Highly organized, detail-oriented, and efficient

Experience and skills:

        Wordpress Development: 2+ Years
        Experience on using Bitbucket or Github
        Strong knowledge in HTML 4/5, CSS and PHP
        Good understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them
        Strong Knowledge and experience with responsive design and development
        Javascript & JQuery knowledge
        Front-end and minimal back-end development experience
        Strong sense of design quality and understanding of visual and UI/UX disciplines and principles
        Basic Photoshop knowledge
        Working knowledge of Shopify is nice to have

Benefits: 

        Competitive Salary
        Paid Time Off + all major U.S. holidays
        Catered Lunch
        A bright and spacious office, conveniently located in Palo Alto

About owlcam
At owlcam, we love cars, trucks and the drivers and passengers in them. owlcam uses video and data to make our roads safer for everyone. owlcam builds services and cameras that empower people, business’ and insurers to deal with events like crashes and break-ins better, faster and fairer. owlcam is committed to improving peoples lives with thoughtful respectful use of new AI technologies.
 
owlcam is a series A start up, based in Palo Alto CA, Originally started in 2016 with product sales launching in early 2018. In owlcam’s first year sales were bigger than Nest, Ring or Dropcam first year. In 2019 owlcam will continue to grow with the addition of new features, major retailers and expansion into enterprise channels.  Our 40+ person team is located in Palo Alto, CA. The team has experience from previously creating successful products with over $100B in sales, at places like Apple, 
 
owlcam’s hiring process is committed to offering equal opportunity to everyone who applies; we hope you do!