Company Description

THINK Surgical, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets the only active robotic surgical systems for orthopedic surgery. The systems include two components: a 3D workstation for preoperative planning, and a computer assisted tool utilized for cavity and surface preparation for hip and knee replacement surgeries. The systems have been used in thousands of joint replacements worldwide.

Job Description

Develop enterprise-level software and assist with Implant development/testing process.

Responsibilities

    Work on developing software that support, automate and streamline implant development cycle
    Document, implement, and validate software application
    Follow rigorous design control methodology and write concise requirements specifications, architecture specifications, and design description, verification plans, and test cases
    Perform testing of software for verification and validation
    Manage schedules, meet and adhere to development goals
    Provide planning and status information to project manager

Qualifications

    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related program and 2+ years of industrial software development experience
    Proficient with Python, C++, Java or other OOD language and good understanding of basic algorithm and data structures
    A good understanding of web-based software architectures
    Experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript/Typescript, AJAX
    Version Control with Git
    Excellent communication and documentation skills
    A high level of creativity and self-motivation
    Good attendance and punctuality are essential for this position

Preferred Qualifications

    Experience developing software using Python and Django Framework
    Experience with Javascript React Framework
    Experience developing in AWS, Azure or other cloud computing environment

Additional Information

THINK offers a fast-paced, dynamic environment with the advancement potential of an entrepreneurial company. We provide a competitive compensation package that includes comprehensive benefits, a company-matched 401k plan, and more. We strive to build the strongest and brightest teams in the industry. If you would like to work on tomorrow’s leading orthopedic solutions today, we would love to hear from you.

THINK is an equal opportunity employer that hires a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, disabilities, veteran status, or sexual orientation.