Software Engineer

Job ID: 958047 | Twitch Interactive, Inc.
DESCRIPTION

The Twitch Extensions team is looking looking for engineers for our San Francisco office who love delighting customers with great products and seamless user experiences. The release of the Content Enhanced Extensions has increased engagement and joy among our broadcasters and viewers. You뭠l work closely with product managers, UX designers, data scientists and engineers of all disciplines to take our product to new heights. You뭠l take part in maturing our product by creating great interfaces for developers to leverage in the pursuit of building great experiences. There are significant engineering challenges which involve scale, availability, cross-platform compatibility, and the push to create and evolve a new viewing experience for all. Your work will be the foundation by which developers and broadcasters are able to bring joy to their viewers and consumers. Bring your hard hat, a learning mindset and sense of humor - we뭨e looking forward to meeting you.
Responsibilities
 Design and implement core functionality in the Extensions experience.
 Brainstorm with designers and product managers to design new features for our viewers.
 Collaborate with other engineering teams and advise and assist them in making our products better.
 Work with internal and external teams to provide the best javascript capabilities for our extensions.
 Identify and uphold engineering best practices
 Research new technologies for mobile web and other emerging platforms at Twitch.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

 2+ years of web development experience.
 Experience with React and a good understanding of CSS
 Demonstrated experience and passion for delivering high quality user experiences.
 Experience collaborating with product managers, designers, and other engineering leaders in cross-functional groups.
 Strong organizational and communication skills
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

 Experience with React, GraphQL, Jest/Enzyme and/or Typescript
 Experience with Javascript tooling
 Experience building Javascript libraries